We talk rather blurtly about the lime heap and you can't really tell what we're talking about.
Certain things that it wasn't the lime heap, it's a good story because
if you don't know it's the sharp bend at the very top of the Rear to Hilth.
Many, many years ago, one of the farmers up there wanted a load of lime.
Lime.
So the carter brought the lime up and dumped it out in the field on that bend.
Unfortunately, it was the wrong farm, the wrong field.
And so then arose the problem what happened to the lime.
Well the carter insisted that he had delivered it to where he was told to.
The owner of the ground said it was absolutely nothing to do with him.
The real owner of the ground also said it was in the wrong place so it was nothing to do with him.
And so it stayed there and became known as the lime heap bend, the corner.
And that's the high point of the hill there.
And if you go through the gate and kick around in the ground you can still find evidence of the lime being there.
There's all sorts of local names that mean something to those who are well initiated with them.
But the newcomers completely and utterly battled.